Well done.
You've now learned the tools you need to
run segmentation analyses that incorporate
data from multiple tables at once.
At this point you don't need help from
anybody else to retrieve the data you need
from a database.
No more waiting 48 hours, to a week, for
somebody else in the company
to provide data for you.
Next week you will learn a couple more
tools that will help you refine your
analyses even further.
To motivate you, here's a reward
in the form of a little story,
for all the hard work
you've done this week.
A very polite sequel
query walks into a bar.
In one corner of the bar are two tables.
The very polite sequel query walks up to
the tables and asks, mind if I join you?